1. What are the differences between operators and values in the following?
* 
'hello'
-87.8
-
/
+
6

	¥	multiply integers or use with regex for wildcard
	¥	string which is also immutable
	¥	negative integer
	¥	calculation of minus on numeric values or can be used in regex as range (a-z)
	¥	divide numeric values
	¥	add numeric/non-numeric values and also in regex indicates for one or more occurrences
	¥	number 6 can be used as a character or numeric value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
spam
'spam'
a variable denotes an assignment in memory and a string can be a value of an assignment

3. Describe three different data forms.
boolean: denotes a false or true mode
string: can be any value written between quotes (ÔblaÕ)
integer: a numeric value
4. What makes up an expression? What are the functions of all expressions?
when an operator uses an expression for further calculation; addition, subtraction, division and multiplication
5. In this chapter, assignment statements such as spam = 10 were added. What's the difference between a declaration and an expression? a declaration will have a memory space reserved and will be appointed to by the pointer saved with the name of the variable; and expression takes a value from memory and makes a calculation with the operation
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

bacon still has the value 22

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
ÔspamspamspamÕ
8. Why is it that eggs is a true variable name but 100 is not?
we cannot use a numeric value as an assignment, because otherwise the Python interpreter will see it as an assignment to an assignment eg. 100 = 2
9. Which of the following three functions may be used to convert a value to an integer, a floating-point number, or a string?
both can be used using ÔintÕ or ÔroundÕ

10. What is the error caused by this expression? What would you do about it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Ôinvalid syntaxÕ; the Python interpreter is trying to add numeric value 99 to string values. In order to make it work use quotes: Ô99Õ to concatenate
